1.Introduction
	Overview
	Features
	Tech Stack
2.Project Structure
	Frontend (React + Vite)
	Backend (Node.js + Express)
	Shared Resources
3.Getting Started
	Prerequisites (what i frotend and what is backend, js/node, html css?)
	Installation
	Running the App (Dev Mode)
4.Frontend
	Folder Structure
	Routing
	State Management 
	API Communication
	Components Overview
	Styling 
5.Backend
	Folder Structure
	API Endpoints
	Middleware
	Authentication / Authorization
	Database Schema / Models
	Configuration & Environment Variables
6.Core Features
	User Authentication (Register/Login)
	Product Listing
	Product Details
	Shopping Cart
	Checkout Process
	Admin Panel (Product Management, Orders, etc.)
7.Troubleshooting & FAQs
	Common Issues
	Debugging Tips
	Acknowledgments
	
	
	
	
	
	mongoose :
		Mongoose is a Node. js-based Object Data Modeling (ODM) library for MongoDB.
		It is akin to an Object Relational Mapper (ORM) such as SQLAlchemy for traditional SQL databases.
		The problem that Mongoose aims to solve is allowing developers to enforce a specific schema at the application layer.
	jsonwebtoken:
		A JSON Web Token (JWT) is a standard used to securely transmit information between a client (like a frontend application) and a server (the backend)
		Because JWTs can be signed—for example, using public/private key pairs—you can be sure the senders are who they say they are(google)
	dotenv: 
		Dotenv is a zero-dependency module that loads environment variables from a .env file into process.env (google)
	bcrypt : 
		bcrypt is a password-hashing function designed by Niels Provos and David Mazières. It is based on the Blowfish cipher and presented at USENIX in 1999.
		Bcrypt is widely used for securely hashing passwords.(google)
	express-validator:
		Express-Validator is a combination of middleware provided by the Express JS module and the Validator.js module, which provides validators
		and sanitizers for string data types.
		Express-Validator provides the functionality to validate input data by using a validation chain.(google)
	cors :
		Cors is ahort for Cross-origin resource sharing. 
		CORS is a mechanism for integrating applications.
		CORS defines a way for client web applications that are loaded in one domain to interact with resources in a different domain. (google)
	express: 
		Express is a minimal and flexible Node.js web application framework that provides a robust set of features for web and mobile applications. (expressjs.com)
	///////
	
	react :
		React is designed to create sophisticated user interfaces. 
		It allows using HTML-like syntax within JavaScript code, enabling developers to create reusable components and 
		write less code for UI implementation. React is widely used in web development due to the following feature: Code Reusability(google)
	
	
	axios:
	
		Axios is a popular JavaScript library used for making HTTP requests from a 
		web browser or Node. js.It simplifies the process of sending asynchronous HTTP
		requests to a server, and also handles the response. It automatically transforms the response to JSON format 
		"under the hood", allowing you to use the response data directly (google)
		
		
		na tsekarw order valiation gia shipping address ktl
		episis category se product validation